PCX 8432 - Update replace your VPN to new LP version (#12034)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/learning-paths/replace-your-vpn/connect-user-devices/_index.md

---
title: Connect user devices to Cloudflare
pcx_content_type: overview
weight: 6
layout: learning-module
---

# Connect user devices to Cloudflare

> The WARP client encrypts designated traffic from a user's device to Cloudflare's edge. It can run alongside other VPN clients so long as there are no route conflicts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The WARP client encrypts designated traffic from a user's device to Cloudflare's global network. It can run alongside other VPN clients so long as there are no route conflicts.
```
